# Max-flow Min-cut Baseball End-of-Season Elimination
A Julia implementation of the graph theory based max-flow min-cut baseball end-of-season elimination problem. This problem deals with determining when a baseball team is mathematically eliminated from a division, i.e. when it becomes impossible for them to finish in 1st place.

The file **_graph_functions.jl** never needs to be run. This file only contains functions which are imported by the other included files. To use this method on a specific division standing, the name of the text file which contains the division standing information must be specified as a command line argument when running **elimination.jl**. The two examples from this report are included in the files **./divisions/division_1.txt** and **./divisions/division_2.txt** respectively. If no command line argument is provided, **./divisions/division_1.txt** will be used. **elimination.jl** will output the certificate of elimination for each eliminated team. If there is no output from running this code then no teams are eliminated.

To run the Quidditch experiment from this report, the number of teams must be specified as a command line argument when running **gen_quidditch.jl** with the requirement 2 &leq; *n* &leq; 13 and *n* is an integer. If no command line argument is provided, *n*=13 will be used. Once **gen_quidditch.jl** has been run, all *n*(*n*-1) division standing text files will be stored in **./divisions/quidditch_div/** under the name **./divisions/division_quid_*i*.txt** for 1 &leq; *i* &leq; *n*(*n*-1). Next **elimination_quidditch.jl** can be run and will output the number of matches before they were eliminated and the certificate of elimination for each team which does not finish in first place. Note that this code will always output something unless all $n$ teams finish the division tied for first place. To use a specific set of Quidditch divisions, the path to a directory containing **division_quid_*i*.txt** files can be specified as a command line argument when running **elimination_quidditch.jl**.

Alternatively, the number of teams can be specified when running **main_quidditch.jl** which will sequentially run **gen_quidditch.jl** and **elimination_quidditch.jl**.
